docs(): v1.0.4 release notes (#3020)
pwa-builder/PWABuilder: docs/release-notes/2022.md

We'll be adding release notes to the PWABuilder suite documentation with every major update. 
Check here for news on new features and updates on our tooling.

## May 25th

#### PWA Studio

***Version 1.0.4 release***

> * New snippets for screenshots and shortcuts + remove pwa prefix from snippets for better discoverability: https://github.com/pwa-builder/pwa-studio/pull/75
> * Preview builds available on our Actions tab here on Github from the dev branch
> * Guidance messages for Web Manifest generation: https://github.com/pwa-builder/pwa-studio/commit/6d7fcc6760e7f5e1176e65d68ea67bdbd7e92f7d

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added snippets for screenshots and shortcuts and removed "pwa" prefix from snippets for better discoverability.
* Preview Builds are now available on the `Actions` tab on GitHub. Preview builds will come from the `dev` branch.
* Added new guidance messages for Web Manifest generation.
```
